our job is not to focus on the Comfort
zones of anyone else but
ourselves I am not interested in doing
things that align with pageantry and
femininity and what this box that people
try to place Us in especially as women
we are constantly placed in a box
whether it has to do with being a mother
whether it has to do with being a wife a
sister a daughter there are so many
moments in which people are trying to
box Us in and tell us what we can and
can't do I challenge you to break out of
that box I challenge you to break out of
that glass ceiling I challenge you to go
for what you want to go for without
considering the opinions of others and
focus on the opinion of
yourself we have to bear the burden of
our decisions not the ones that are
trying to influence our decisions we
carry that mental fortitude is blocking
out voices and focusing on your own
intuition
in your own level of discernment
