I was appointed as goodwill ambassador
for UN Women 6 months ago and the more
I've spoken about feminism the more I
have realized that fighting for women's
rights has too often become synonymous
with man-hating if there is one thing I
know for certain it is that this has to
stop for the record feminism by
definition is the belief that men and
women should have equal rights and
opportunities it is the theory of the
political economic and social equality
of the sexes I started questioning
gender-based assumptions a long time ago
when I was 8 I was confused being called
bossy because I wanted to direct the
plays that we would put on for our
parents but the boys were not while at
14 I started to be sexualized by certain
elements of the media when at 15 my
girlfriend's started dropping out of
their beloved sports teams because they
didn't want to appear muscley when at 18
my male friends were unable to express
their feelings I decided that I was a
feminist and this seemed uncomplicated
to me but my recent research has shown
me that feminism has become an unpopular
word women are choosing not to identify
as feminists apparently I am among the
ranks of women whose expressions are
seen as too strong too aggressive
isolating and anti-men unattractive even
why has the word become such an
uncomfortable one I am from Britain and
I think it is right that I am paid the
same as my male counterparts I think it
is right that I should be able to make
decisions about my own body I think

I think it is right that women be
involved on my behalf in the policies
and the decisions that will affect my
life I think it is right that's socially
I am afforded the same respect as men
but sadly I can say that there is no one
country in the world where all women can
expect to receive these rights no
country in the world can yet say that
they have achieved gender equality these
rights I consider to be human rights but
I am one of the lucky ones my life is a
sheer privilege because my parents
didn't love me less because I was born a
daughter my school did not limit me
because I was a girl my mentors didn't
assume that I would go less far because
I might give birth to a child one day
these influences with agenda equality
ambassadors that made me who I am today
they may not know it but they are the
inadvertent feminists who are changing
the world today we need more of those
and if you still hate the word it is not
the word that is important it's the idea
and the ambition behind it because not
all women have received the same rights
that I have in fact statistically very
few have been in 1997 Hillary Clinton
made a famous speech in Beijing about
women's rights sadly many of the things
that she wanted to change are still true
today but what stood out for me the most
was that less than 30 percent
of the audience were male how can we
affect change in the world when only
half of it is invited or feel welcome to
participate in the conversation men I
would like to take this opportunity to
extend your formal invitation
gender equality is your issue too
because to date I've seen my father's
role as a parent being valued less by
society despite my needing his presence
as a child as much as my mother's I've
seen young men suffering from mental
illness unable to ask for help for fear
it would make them less of a men or less
of a man in fact in the UK suicide is
the biggest killer of men between 20 to
49 eclipsing road accidents cancer and
coronary heart disease I've seen men
made fragile and insecure by a distorted
sense of what constitutes male success
men don't have the benefits of equality
either we don't often talk about men
being imprisoned by gender stereotypes
but I can see that they are and that
when they are free things will change
for women as a natural consequence if
men don't have to be aggressive in order
to be accepted women won't feel
compelled to be submissive if men don't
have to control women won't have to be
controlled both men and women should
feel free to be sensitive both men and
women should feel free to be strong it
is time that we all perceive gender on a
spectrum instead of two sets of opposing
ideals
if we stop defining each other by what
we are not and start defining ourselves
by who we are we can all be freer and
this is what Heath
is about it's about freedom I want men
to take up this mantle so that their
daughters sisters and mothers can be
free from prejudice but also so that
their sons have permission to be
vulnerable and human to reclaim those
parts of themselves they abandoned and
in doing so be a more true and complete
version of themselves
you might be thinking who is this Harry
Potter girl and what is she doing
speaking at the UN and it's a really
good question I've been asking myself
the same thing all I know is that I care
about this problem and I want to make it
better and having seen what I've seen
and given the chance I feel it is my
responsibility to say something
statesman Edmund Burke said all that is
needed for the forces of evil to triumph
is for good men and women to do nothing
in my nervousness for this speech and in
my moments of doubt I've told myself
firmly if not me who if not now when if
you have similar doubts when
opportunities are presented to you I
hope that those words will be helpful
because the reality is that if we do
nothing it will take 75 years or for me
it to be nearly a hundred before women
can expect to be paid the same as men
for the same work fifteen point five
million girls will be married in the
next 16 years as children and at current
rates it won't be until two thousand and
eighty six before all rural African
girls can have a secondary education if
you believe in equality you might be one
of those inadvertent feminists that I
spoke of earlier and for this I applaud
you we are struggling for a uniting word
but the good news is that we have a
uniting movement it is called he for she
I am inviting you to step forward to be
seen and to ask yourself if not me who
if not now when
thank you very very much
