each and every one of you have to
understand the power of
perseverance and that we have to
appreciate the climb instead of being so
focused on the Mountain's Peak we have
to enjoy the race instead of being so
focused on the Finish Line the one great
thing that I realize each and every year
after competing for this title and
losing and losing and losing and losing
is that each and every year I became a
better version of
Des I started elevating as an individual
and each and every year I became more
and more qualified for the dream that I
was asking for for the dream that I was
chasing often times we don't like the
process we just want the outcome but you
can't learn anything if you do not take
your time and enjoy the process of
success the road that it takes to get
there we can't microwave success we
can't put it in an air fryer
put it in a
crockpot okay
