over the past two years youth
unemployment has been on the rise 
it currently represents just under 40
percent of all unemployment in Australia
young graduates leaving university and
finding it more and more difficult to
enter any form of creative industry
now the common stipulation is that you
can't get a job without experience but
you can't get a job to get the experience
now meanwhile 42 of small businesses
failed in 2003 to 2007 and the figures
haven't improved much amongst many
reasons this is happening is a
consistent lack of quality in their
branding marketing websites and designs
the kind of training that these
graduates have just spent three to six
years training for
now what if there was an enterprise that
bridged these two sets of frightening
statistics
i want to build that bridge
