years ago with the BAU GU orphanage
every month the children of baboo were
given a chance to find a family it was a
happy place or so it seemed for the BAU
GU orphanage had a terrible secrets
monster a ferocious and powerful beast
that no one could tame one night it
escaped
the monster about to was none other than
tigress I just want to play she wasn't
like the other furry bunnies or cute
little ducks what poor tigress had no
idea how strong she was she's a monster
a monster the orphanage needed some help
tigress I am Shifu I am afraid no well
you should be
I am tigress Tigers the monster the
monster no one hunts you are not a
monster you're just a little girl let us
play you must learn to control your
strength and so the training began this
game requires discipline precision a
still hand and a steady heart focus
again
Tigers try to past me but she still
couldn't control her temper again and so
the week's turned into months again hmm
until one day
she had done it her training was
complete
once again the BAU GU orphanage was the
happiest place in China but for tigress
one test remained would she find a
family
total bummer come to you there's always
next time
all the adults were still afraid of her
all but one
Shifu come let us go home
