each and every one of you need to
realize that not everyone is right and
that not all advice is good
advice I know when we are in our youth
we see older individuals and we want to
gain wisdom from them and that is
absolutely necessary but I want you to
also prioritize your intuition I want
you to prioritize your discernment I
want you to prioritize your ability to
understand your talents your creative
gifts because you might be the
Trailblazer you might be the trends
Setter you might be the person that
creates an invention that breaks
everything else beforehand historically
that might be you and unfortunately if
you allow yourself to be too
impressionable there will be individuals
in your life that try to steer you away
from that because they are stuck in
their own box a box you're not trying to
to be stuck in you need to break through
that glass ceiling you need to be the
Trailblazer you need to be the person
that lays that pavement for the
individuals behind you not all advice is
good advice not everyone has the wisdom
for what the future holds not every
individual deserves to have a
conversation with you about what you can
and cannot do with your lives not
everyone has the ability to tell you
what you can and cannot do with your
life I want you to trust you first and
whatever your heart is telling you I
want you to trust that and let that be
your guidance while allowing a
streamlined level of voices influence
you
streamlined key word is streamline can
you say it with me streamline streamline
streamline it
